lower body Beach promise here and today
I'm utility guys how to beat minecraft
now in order to beat minecraft you have
to realize what the word minecraft
actually means now the word minecrat can
actually be separated in two different
words and they each tell story and how
you should finish this game now first
off mine represents something like my
shoe my pants my hair then the other
word craft is obviously representative
of Kraft Mac and Cheese now if you put
both of those words together it
obviously means this is a game about
fishing and living the life of an
Amazonian fisherman so now that we know
the goal of the game is to become a
fisherman and collect as many fish as
possible and build a nice little fishing
shack next to obviously like waterfront
property we have to find that waterfront
property so now we have to go find a
nice fishing hole possibly a river or a
lake that will probably house many
healthy fish this seems like it will do
just fine now there are a few different
ways they told us lagoon over here house
is very healthy fish that will feed us
for a lifetime now first off there's
chickens around here see there's one
chicken there was another chicken he's
over there but he's still around this
little lagoon that we were about to go
home and there's another one up there if
chickens can drink from this water fish
want to live in the water also this
general murkiness secludes the fish it
protects them from the outside world all
except for alsip course but it makes
them feel safe but then there's also
this bluer water over here that houses
squid squid are a great representation
of a healthy ecosystem see look at that
chicken is even going for a swim well of
course living in the Amazon is pretty
dangerous especially when you're a
fisherman so we obviously have to build
a pretty sturdy shelter now if you look
around there's a vast wealth of Natural
Resources surrounding us so we shouldn't
have a hard time finding supplies to
build our new home so let's start off by
taking some dirt off of the hillside all
fishermen start off in dirt shacks you
don't you're not a real fisherman
that should be enough look to some
mushrooms mushrooms make for great
insulation will keep us warm through
these cold Amazonian nights and then
some grass has to be cleared out now
this looks like a prime location for our
new home I'll be right back after done
building it here it is a masterpiece of
modern architecture well maybe it's not
that great but it can protect us from
rain storms from crazy animals that come
up during the night to try to kill us
and it's a nice places through our fish
so let's go ahead and go take a look
inside now it's not too fancy I mean it
does leak slime from the ceiling
sometimes it gets the job done you got
some nice things to look at what we're
sleeping just a little bit of light I
plan to add some more light sources in
here it's kind of dark and gloomy got
some music and we have the
ever-important chest of fishing rods now
we'll need to use all of these the time
would beat the game let's go ahead and
pick one and then we have our anvil for
cutting fish on for cleaning them we
have our crafting table for putting fish
together into like pies and stuff and of
course we have a furnaces for baking and
roasting and brewing the fish and these
are just floating books I thought it
looked cool the hold your horses cowboy
we can't just go willy-nilly into
fishing in this pond even though we have
a fishing rod there are several other
important steps we have to take before
catching fish now as you can see there
are three new items of my inventory I
have a break I have flint and steel and
I have a mask now you may be wondering a
beach tip eponymous why do you have a
brick flint and steel on a mask Lacey
let's start off with a brick when we
pull in the fish it might still be alive
so we got to give it a little pounding
with the break in order to knock its
brains out and kill it this also helps
if we like hooks
lines such as a pig a donkey a zebra I
don't know oh you don't know where
you're gonna pull up out of this lake
and second we have flint and steel I'll
show you that in a second and then
wither skeleton winter scaled with ur
skeleton skull you have to put this on
so it scares the fish and people do not
know it's you just in case we're
trespassing on someone's property
because I just kind of built a house
here and then I'm not sure whose
property belongs to but we're living
here so now the flint and steel run up
to a tree try to light it on fire and
don't let the grass on fire but light
the tree on fire light all the trees on
fire do not get lit on fire yourself
very important step then let it burn for
a little bit now this folks is what you
call a controlled burn this kind of
clears up the landscape put some more
oxygen and carbon dioxide into the air
makes the fish kind of come alive makes
a little hungry there's a bonus this
also doesn't clear out some wildlife so
some might be coming down to this pond
and we could fish for them I just really
hope the guy that owns this land isn't
mad at us it appears that the fish are
getting angry and are leaving the pond
oh oh oh just slimy brick which is why
we have a break ok I think those little
scoundrels are on their merry way into
the jungle and they won't bother us
anymore don't think it's time for us to
fish Oh dog your fish fish fish fish all
right this isn't working i'm going to
plan B you guys better / gears up and
listen to this I'm about to teach you an
ancient fishing technique that's been
passed down through my ancestry for
generations now it's a widely no myth
that fish of the darker persuasion love
watermelon add chicken so if we just go
ahead and throw some of this into the
Blake some of the chicken as well now is
the wait it will get fish
alright I've been waiting for like five
hours and there still is not any fish up
through going to plant see now this
age-old technique is guaranteed get you
swimming in fishes see all you have to
do is just rig up your pond with some
TNT lytle up and step back boom go ahead
and let up a couple more run Danger
Close
you know what nevermind I'm getting up
on this whole fishing thing to beat
Minecraft join me my next episode find
out how else you can beat minecraft
hopefully that will actually work